[Music]
nine ways to attract the girl of your
dreams ah love they say it makes the
world go round if you already have that
special someone in your life then
consider yourself lucky as for the rest
of us we're either still looking or
still dreaming for a certain person to
fall for us and if you are ready to
finally take that leap of faith and make
your dreams a reality here are nine ways
to spark a girl's interest before we get
into the laws of attraction be sure to
subscribe to our Channel and ring the
notification bell so that you'll always
be the first to see our daily updates
all right with all this talk about love
and attraction let's first establish
what they are exactly according to
biologists anthropologist dr. Helen
Fisher love can be split into three
categories lust attraction and
attachment lust is driven by the need to
reproduce and it stimulates the
production of testosterone and estrogen
the male and female sex hormones
attraction is a little different when
we're attracted to someone our brain
releases dopamine and serotonin it's the
combination of these chemicals that
makes us feel all giddy and exhilarating
attachment appears in long-term
relationships and causes our brains to
release oxytocin and vasopressin these
hormones make us feel deeply bonded to
the people we love with all these
hormones running amok
it's no wonder falling in love can be a
confusing experience so perhaps this
little guide will help you sort it all
out
and more importantly get her brain
chemicals pumping with attraction to you
[Music]
one be yourself physical attraction does
play a pretty big role in the whole
scheme of things I mean you want to turn
her head right but we aren't just
attracted to a person's looks having
chemistry that's based on someone's
personality's habits and behaviors isn't
to be underestimated when it comes to
attraction we might be attracted to
someone and fall in love with them
because of how they laugh they're cute
little quirks and mannerisms or their
cleverness that's why being yourself is
so important if you're a shy nerdy sort
of guy trying to pose as an extroverted
jock type just to impress a girl then
you're setting yourself up for failure
no matter how good your acting skills
maybe she'll sense that something's awry
trust me
besides you want her to fall in love
with you not some character you think of
just to get her to notice you best thing
you can do before you pursue someone is
to build up your confidence start by
asking yourself what are my positive
qualities are you funny smart creative
athletic nerdy once you know the answer
play up your strengths true confidence
means that you know who you are
and are comfortable and happy with
yourself when a person is confident it
shows in their demeanor and it's a real
turn-on just be careful not to let
self-confidence turn into cockiness
witch on the other hand is a real
turnoff to be willing to improve
it's great to know your strongest points
but you need to be realistic to be
willing to admit to yourself what things
you need to work on
we all have aspects of ourselves that
we'd like to improve maybe you want to
be more outgoing or well-read perhaps
you feel insecure about your weight as
long as it's something you can
proactively work on there's nothing
wrong with wanting to become a better
version of yourself again be realistic
if you hate your freckles well there's
not much you can do about that
besides freckles are totally adorable
once you start improving on the things
that make you self-conscious your
confidence will naturally grow and this
isn't just for attracting a girl this is
for you but as an added bonus it'll
probably get her attention to a man
who's willing to work on himself and
develop as a person is a catch in any
girl's eyes
3 care of yourself
[Music]
now here's where that whole physical
attraction thing comes in dr. Fischer
explains that people know whether or not
they're attracted to someone within the
first 30 seconds of meeting them so yeah
first impressions do matter keep
yourself well groomed and dressed for
success if you approach her right after
an intense workout and you smell like it
she probably won't get a chance to fully
appreciate your wonderful personality
and charm this doesn't mean you need to
go overboard and wear a suit and tie
every day
being clean smelling good and dressing
casually but tidy shows that you're self
aware of how you might come off to other
people and you make an effort to take
care of yourself and yes the girl of
your dreams will notice 4 be open and
communicative does the girl you like
know you're interested in her if not
that's fine it's always a good idea to
start things off slowly by first
building a close friendship
if you confess your love for her when
you've only known each other for a week
she's probably going to assume that you
were confusing love with lust get to
know her first by being open and
communicative that way she'll get to
know you too
of course don't drag your feet about it
either once you feel like you're not
strangers or even just acquaintances
anymore let her know that you're
interested in more than just a
friendship she'll respect the fact that
you were being open and honest about
your intentions plus plucking up the
courage to be so straightforward takes
confidence which she'll appreciate as
well 5 show dedication
being in love can be a beautiful thing
but it's not all rainbows and sunshine
if the girl you like is going through a
hard time be there for her for emotional
support this will show that you are not
afraid of deep conversations and showing
your soft side if she trusts you enough
to open up to you that's a really good
sign just keep in mind that once Trust
is broken it can be almost impossible to
get it back so try not to lose it in the
first place
[Music]
six be romantic being romantic is an
expression of appreciation and affection
it's like the cherry on top of the cake
or the frosting on top of your ice cream
wait reverse that there are lots of ways
to be romantic depending on your
resources you could take her to a nice
restaurant or out on a simple picnic if
you are really short on funds
don't sweat it you could draw her a
romantic cartoon make her a handmade
gift or just surprise her with some
chocolates in her back what's important
is that she knows that you're thoughtful
about showing her affection a gift from
the heart can be much more meaningful
than one from the wallet of course the
best gifts are ones that are
personalized if you've taken the time to
get to know her better you should know
if she's into grandiose gestures like
huge bouquets of flowers or the simple
stuff like handmade gifts if you are
unsure if she'll like something you're
planning you can always ask her close
friends or family members showing
appreciation and affection through
romance goes a long way to attract
someone and build a happy relationship
with them 7 accept her for who she is no
one is perfect and chances are the girl
you like isn't either we all have our
redeeming qualities what is it that you
love about her try to respect and accept
what makes her unique don't ever compare
her looks achievements or flaws to those
of another person and don't try to
change her into someone she isn't the
same way that you can improve so can she
but we can only become better versions
of ourselves not other people if there's
something that she does that genuinely
hurts or bothers you just be honest
about how you feel if she respects your
feelings she'll change her behavior for
the better just be honest about eight be
individuals whether you're still just
friends and getting to know each other
or you've already entered a new
relationship this initial period of
attraction can be a super exciting time
as much as you want to impress this girl
from the get-go don't forget that you
two are individuals don't blow off your
friends families or hobbies just to
spend more time with her and don't
expect her to do the same it's okay to
have different interests you don't have
to lie and say something just because
she does on the other hand there is
something called compromise she might
get really excited over a video game
that you find boring or you might be
looking forward to watching a TV show
that she finds annoying you don't
necessarily have to do these activities
together but if you do just remember
that you are two different people don't
bash your taste just because they aren't
the same as yours
9 always remember to treat her with
respect if you followed all these tips
to a tee and the girl of your dreams
just doesn't fall for you it's totally
okay respect her decision if she doesn't
want to start a relationship with you
never pursue someone if they've
explicitly told you that they're not
into you in that way you might very well
find a loving partner in the future one
who you love and who loves you back have
any of these tips helped you what do you
do to attract someone you like tell us
in the comments below and don't forget
to click that subscribe button to stay
on the bright side of life
you